This game plays in a world controlled by robots that rule over humanity, taking away people’s freedom in exchange for entertainment services. However a handful of saboteurs want to break this dystopic system. They use a technology that allows them to transfer their mind to another person’s body hence they can easily infiltrate key establishments behind the robot government.

The game is centered around a crime that was committed by two saboteurs, each of them were seen by one witness at a certain point during the crime. To decide who are saboteurs, take some paper scraps and write a letter S (for the saboteurs) on two and a letter C (civilians) on four of them. Then using colored pen (e.g. red) draw a circle around one of the S and one of the C (this is the red saboteur and his eyewitness civilian), then take another colored pen (e.g. blue) and do the same with another S and C scraps. The rest of the C scraps stay as is, they will be regular civilians.

Now put the scraps in the hat (the 2 S plus as many C scraps as you need to have all players draw one scrap) and draw a scrap to know your role.

Before starting the game, all of the players should close their eyes. Then first the saboteurs should open their eyes so they know each other. Then once they closed their eyes, the red saboteur and witness should open their eyes, then once they closed their eyes, the blue saboteur and witness should open their eyes. This means the saboteurs know each other and their own witnesses, and the witnesses know only one of the saboteurs. 

Now the robot detective will start the interrogation and ask questions from each of you about another player. Whatever the civilians say becomes true by saying it, for instance if you say “I saw player X waiting in the corridor” then player X was waiting in the corridor. Saboteurs though can lie, both by contradicting something that was told about them both by fabricating facts about others, but they cannot contradict each other. 

The robot detective will look for inconsistencies in the stories and oddities that would tell you don’t know your profession well enough (i.e. saboteurs infiltrate but they don’t learn everything about the target person’s profession). For instance, if you are the security guard but you say “I have no idea of the security protocols” that’s very strange. Whenever the robot detective is suspicious of a player, it will eliminate them and they have to tell whether they were civilians or saboteurs. You should not reveal that you were a witness, only that you are a civilian.

If you understand the rules, write here how many human players are going to play: